There was once a student named Edmundo Edmontonio, who lived in Madison WI in a cheap apartment over an all-night bowling alley for the blind. In his neverending quest to better himself, he was taking a class that was unimaginatively titled "Programming III". Unfortunately, he didn't know bupkis about programming, and being somewhat low on moral fiber he had been stealing code from the internet to use in his assignments. Edmundo cheated, stole, and lied in every facet of life, but he knew that one day the long arm of the law would catch up with him, so he drank like a fish to avoid thinking about it.

One day, as Edmundo was sitting at his computer, working away at creating a new, innovative way to cheat, the police kicked down his door. They took his laptop, smashed it against the wall, and left. Edmundo sat, confused. "Were those... dogs?" he thought. He sunk into his chair, depressed. He got his <alcohol> out from underneath his desk and opened up, but then paused. "Maybe I could not cheat?" he pondered. "Nah." He poured himself a glass.

Setting the glass aside, Edmundo began to drink straight from the bottle because his problems were far greater than some measly glass. After a couple of days of what some would call rock bottom, but Edmundo called Tuesday and Wednesday, he lay on the floor laptopless and alone. The sound of crashing bowling pins pierced his head 

And then he realized, that the sounds of the bowling pins meant the beginning of the end. Although the long arms of the law might not catch up him, his conscious would. The bowling pins represented the eventual fall his guilt would lead
him too. Thus Emundo Edmontonio decided to not cheat and own up to his incompetencies as a programmer.

Edmundo gathered together all the names of people who had been affected by his lies over the years and tracked them down, deliberating for weeks on end to establish channels of communication. Then he racked his mind to compile a thorough account of all his treacheries. Not once during this process did his thoughts turn to drink - he was a man with a sacred responsibility, which drove him like a marionette toward a singular goal. Stricken with grief at all the misery his selfish actions had caused people and by the injustices he had unthinkingly done to honest folk, Edmundo worked feverishly long into the night. After his hard work was finished and his manifesto completed, only then did Edmundo sit back with relief and realize he was trembling from the prolonged exertion he had forced upon himself. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath of air... but never exhaled, for at that moment he was pierced by an icicle of frozen liquid waste that fell to earth from an airplane toilet facility.
